mua
hello everybody knows
morals and welcome to this new
gameplay so first of all I'm great
glad to comment on its gameplay
because for me the tests of the bac is
finished I do not have to overhaul this is it
a weight less is the holidays I
can relax me so I'm going to you
first introduce this gameplay so
we are in a loaded ball on call
of duty black ops from the last of the
license so you'll see that this
ball charge of this part of a ball
loaded will go pretty well for
me with a good ratio to the key I even
due will be a very good ratio to the key
especially for a loaded ball so that's
a game mode that for me is
really not shown at all on
community channels and that's really
very bad because his game mode that very
pleasant and very tactical especially when
we stay in one against one so we must
manage his travels very well and he
do not miss the customer's ball
otherwise it's one to one with a knife
so if you see lags or
knives that passes so I'm not sure
mercer it's normal I'm in the mode
studio and the word studio is a bit
weird about videos but I
do not go in there
so here I would just like to put in
place a debate in the comments not
a war there is a difference
so first of all the 3 is over since
a little while and she is the
next gen console that has you most
convinced who disappointed you all
simply on
what console you to surprises not because
these new features its safe features
or guti did not comment so that's it
do you intend to buy a
next gen console
yes right out or one in a year after
when the sinkers makes a little down
that there will be more exclusivity that's it
you have to put a comment
so the general scrum is over so
here I am ending on a score of 12 1
part of a my load and very
quick
so here I hope you answer
in the comments
if you liked it so I try again
to pass this video has known so I
if you liked this video, do not hesitate
to take a ride on my chain v at ease
screw gamer to watch my previous video
who went on rating cf how do
a perfect in general scrum
this is it you thank me for having
watched this video that's all there
chao